well let's go live now to Gaza T Abu AUM
is in Rafa in southern Gaza Forest so T
how difficult is it for Palestinians to
get to and survive in these safe
zones yes uh Al maasi area which has
been now designated by the occupation uh
forces as a safe area considered to be
very uh difficult uh for residents
inside of Gaza to reside and due to the
full absence of all civil infrastructure
and all kinds of humanitarian needs that
will help any human being to survive or
to C with the aftermaths of the Israeli
uh attacks across the territory now this
area had uh no kinds of toilets no kinds
of uh of humanitarian facilities that
would help Palestinians to live their am
more growing concerns of the spread of
infectuous diseases among residents
especially with the clear absence of the
the hygiene uh conditions and the
unaffordability of the uh say the U
standards of cleanness and safety in
that region while the bombardment also
continue across uh the territory the
people who had uh delivered and have
been transported there in order to be
safe uh narrates very uh catastrophic
conditions as they are no longer able to
C with the situation there and they are
only want to move to more further areas
in order to be protected and safe and an
are that would have more kind of
facilities that would help them to
survive away from the Israeli bombing so
this area is considered to be safe from
the Israeli perspective but literally on
the ground as Palestinian have a more
growing mistrust in terms of what Israel
says they have no other safe place
across Gaza where all the territory have
been under Relentless bombing since the
early beginning of this round of
fighting and T we we understand there
have been attacks in the town of De Bal
in central what what are you hearing
about
that yes der is one of the areas that
had been under intense Israeli bombing
we're talking about more than uh uh 15
uh Palestinians have been killed in
separate air strikes in this uh town uh
which has been under intense Shilling
from the Israeli artillery now the
Israeli attacks on darel balah continues
alongside with separate areas across the
territory where the occupation and it's
the new phase of war that had witnessed
more expansion of military operations
seeks to split and divide the Gaza Strip
into three areas uh to help the Israeli
troops to control all access of Gaza and
to uh help the maneuvering troops to
attack uh and to destroy more targets
Affiliated to the Palestinian Fighters
now uh the the north of the territory
also had been under heavy Relentless
bombing as according to the latest
updates by the Palestinian Ministry of
Health in Gaza said that that the the
attacks on the territory by the
occupation forces during the last 24
hours had claimed the lives of more than
200 Palestinian and uh with uh more
numbers of victims who are still trapped
under the rles and they have not yet
been evacuated by the civil defense team
due to the uh absence of essential
equipment and due to the uh Furious uh
numbers of Israeli air strikes that had
destroyed uh several residential areas
across Gaza and T from the point of view
of uh Hamas we know that their um
military win Elan brigades have put out
a uh statement uh in the last couple of
hours and I'm going to read some of that
to you now neither the fascist enemy and
its leadership like the corrupt
Netanyahu or the senile old Galant nor
those who support them or middlemen
among the zionists in the white house
will be able to get their prisoners back
alive without an exchange and
negotiation and without meeting the
demands of the resistance pretty defiant
statement there from uh the
representative of Elam brigades what
else did he
say yes uh this had been said since the
early beginning of this round of
fighting as they have a clear tactic in
terms of the number of uh the captives
who had been in their hands uh while the
occupation forces are trying to carry
out different secret operations in order
to uh redrive the captives from the
hands of the Palestinian Fighters now
also they have said that they have
attacked different Israeli soldiers who
try to uh push deeper into hunas where
they have eliminated one of the Israeli
force that consist of 15 soldiers as
they have been hit by different
explosive devices and they have later uh
displayed a number of videos that had
shown the Israeli soldiers who had been
attacked and the number of artillery
armored vehicles where they have been
hit by several drones uh which had
dropped different explosive devices over
them so the confrontations according to
the an a statement of the uh
spokesperson of the military wing of
Hamas continues as they saying that they
are destroying more artillery tanks uh
across the axis of fighting and they are
trying to block the entry to the vital
areas uh and which considered to be an
active areas for the Israeli uh uh
operations now they have said also that
there are all kinds of efforts made by
International uh allays for Israel
wouldn't uh be fruitful until they met
all the demands of the Palestinian uh uh
uh resistance as they have stated before
and this is the clear tactic that has
been adopted by Hamas since the early
beginning of this round of fighting that
all prisoners must be released according
to negotiations and ceasefire exchange
which can help to release more
Palestinian prisoners from the Israeli
jails AB in off for us thanks very much
we hope you stay
safe